docs: update k8s overview to note affinity requirement (#793)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-bridge: documentation/modules/con-overview-running-kafka-bridge.adoc

You'll need a running Kafka cluster that was deployed by the Cluster Operator in a Kubernetes namespace.
You can configure your deployment to access the Kafka Bridge outside the Kubernetes cluster.

It's important to note that each instance of the Kafka Bridge maintains its own set of in-memory consumers (and subscriptions) that connect to the Kafka Brokers on behalf of the HTTP clients.
This means that each HTTP client must maintain affinity to the same Bridge pod in order to access any subscriptions that are created. 
Therefore, **it is not recommended to run more than 1 replica of the Kafka Bridge per Kubernetes Deployment**. 
Additionally, when an instance of the Kafka Bridge restarts (for example, if Kubernetes moves the workload to another node), the in-memory consumers and subscriptions are lost.

> **It is the responsibility of the HTTP client to recreate any consumers/subscriptions if the Bridge restarts.** 

Reviewer: Apart the third sentence `Therefore, **it is not recommended to run more than 1 replica of the Kafka Bridge per Kubernetes Deployment**. ` ... all the others are not strictly related to Kubernetes. I mean, they are valid even in the context of running the Kafka bridge on bare metal/virtual machines, where we can talk about bridge "instance" instead of bridge "pod".
Tbh I would move them in the main chapter "[Running the Kafka Bridge](https://strimzi.io/docs/bridge/latest/#overview-components-running-kafka-bridge-bridge)" and leaving just a not about the third sentece here. Wdyt?

Author: I think that makes perfect sense! I'll work on moving it over.

You'll need a running Kafka cluster that was deployed by the Cluster Operator in a Kubernetes namespace.
You can configure your deployment to access the Kafka Bridge outside the Kubernetes cluster.

> As mentioned in xref:overview-components-running-kafka-bridge-{context}[Running the Kafka Bridge], HTTP clients need to maintain affinity to the same instance of the Bridge in order to access any consumers/subscriptions that the clients create.
> Therefore, **it is not recommended to run more than 1 replica of the Kafka Bridge per Kubernetes Deployment**.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to refer back to the intro from this sub-section. Suggestion:

```suggestion
HTTP clients must maintain affinity to the same instance of the Kafka Bridge to access any consumers or subscriptions that they create. Hence, running multiple replicas of the Kafka Bridge per Kubernetes Deployment is not recommended.
```

> In the case that the Bridge pod restarts (for example, if Kubernetes moves the workload to another node), the HTTP client will need to recreate any consumers/subscriptions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the Kafka Bridge pod restarts (for instance, due to Kubernetes relocating the workload to another node), the HTTP client must recreate any consumers or subscriptions.
```
